Justin Skyles / Performance Review
ICARE Core Values
Innovation: Skyles
has been learning the workflow processes for the Division of Pediatric
Cardiology and has become more familiar with faculty, staff and their roles
within the division. He regularly contributes to discussions regarding workflow
processes and upcoming projects, such as the Congenital Heart and Arrhythmia
Symposium. He provides thoughtful feedback and presents creative solutions for
existing issues. Collaboration: Skyles regularly collaborates with
co-workers. He works closely with another division secretary to coordinate
coverage of administrative duties, including triaging/routing faxes, phone
calls, processing mail, and routing correspondence. He also coordinates
completion of echocardiographic reports and faxing of completed reports to local
physicians. He is a team player and willing to assist others when needed. He
responds to requests and inquiries in a prompt and friendly manner. He helps
provide back-up administrative coverage to the Pediatric Endocrinology and
Diabetes during times of low staffing. He completes all basic administrative
tasks with a pleasant and positive attitude. Accountability: Skyles'
approaches his work with a positive attitude. He arrives at work well before
his shift starts so he is ready to begin work as soon as he clocks in. If he
makes a mistake, he readily acknowledges it, reviews the process to determine
where the mistake was made, and then rectifies it. He readily accepts critical
feedback and uses it to learn from mistakes and improve future performance.
Respect: Skyles is polite, courteous and empathetic to patients, families and
visitors. He is respectful of faculty, staff and co-workers. He works well with
Review Status
Complete
Performance Period
Ending March 31, 2018
Employee
Justin Skyles
Secretary II (GB51)
Cmed-Pediatrics (17-3255)
Supervisor
Jenevive Chan
Program Coordinator
Cmed-Pediatrics (17-3255)
University of Iowa Human Resources Performance Management Page 1 of 5
https://talent.uiowa.edu/performance/employee/view/RVW5a5f3309ca47c1.98538557 3/30/2018
a wide variety of individuals from diverse backgrounds. He is very humble and
approachable. Excellence: Skyles strives to complete job duties thoroughly and
correctly. He works to create a positive work environment through his
interactions with others, often joking and sending funny e-mails to co-workers
in an attempt to lighten the mood and inject brevity into the workday. He is
persistent when he runs into roadblocks and is willing to put in extra time and
effort to successfully complete a task.
Employee Goals & Accomplishments
Supervisor's comment on the Employee's Duties & Responsibilities Rating:
Although Skyles has only been in his
current position since September, he has worked diligently to learn division
workflow processes and has become proficient in completing routine duties
associated with his position. Skyles has become comfortable answering phone
calls and routing messages through EPIC or e-mail as required. He triages and
routes faxes appropriately and processes incoming and outgoing mail. He
prepares and mails out patient procedural appointment letters and includes
important accompanying information and supplies needed to prepare for the
procedure. He enters absences for his assigned faculty and staff into ELMS and
updates physician personal Outlook calendars as needed. He arranges meetings as
requested and reserves appropriate conference rooms. He learned how to use Smart
Web and correctly enters faculty and fellow on-call schedules. He manages
division CME courses including Pediatric Cardiology/CT Surgery Conference, Case
Conference and Core Curriculum Conferences, all of which occur on a weekly
basis. He sends reminders to conference presenters and attendees and tracks
meeting attendance. He has assumed several responsibilities for arrangements
related to the Congenital Heart and Arrhythmia Symposium. He created
invitations, worked with UIHC Marketing to obtain institutional approval to send
out invitations, created a Qualtrics survey to send to conference participants
for registration. He has also worked with the conference venue representative
to confirm everything needed for the conference will be available including
tables, chairs, computer equipment, signage, etc. He is more aware of resources
available to him when he has questions and actively seeks them out. Over the
last several months, Skyles has also learned the basic workflow processes of the
administrative support staff in Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes. He
learned how to triage and route incoming phone calls, faxes and mail. He
provided back-up coverage on several occasions when Pediatric Endocrinology and
Diabetes secretaries have been out of the office. He continues to provide
coverage in this area as needed and does so willingly and with a pleasant
attitude. He is currently fully meeting expectations.
Position Specific Duties & Responsibilities
Fully Meeting or Exceeding Expectations
Employee is fully meeting or exceeding expectations of a staff member at this level of experience.
University of Iowa Human Resources Performance Management Page 2 of 5
https://talent.uiowa.edu/performance/employee/view/RVW5a5f3309ca47c1.98538557 3/30/2018
Supervisor's description the Employee's progress on their established goals for this evaluation:
Skyles started working in Pediatric
Cardiology in September 2017 and has made significant progress in developing the
skills necessary to provide administrative support in a healthcare environment.
In addition to those skills identified above, he has also become proficient in
the use of EPIC. He is able to correctly document phone encounters and route to
the appropriate care provider. He creates patient MRNs, enters demographic and
insurance information and links orders to appointments in EPIC for
interpretations of tests performed at external institutions. He has increased
his knowledge of cardiac-related medical terminology. He transcribes handwritten
echo reports into Xcelera and routes to attending physician for review and
signature. STRENGTHS: - Justin is very nice, easy to work with, and is
always willing to be helpful. - He is responsive, professional and pleasant to
interact with. - Professional yet very amicable. Always available to help in
anything needed. - Is always receptive to feedback. OPPORTUNITIES: - When
taking patient calls, I would recommend he write down patient name, hospital
number, name of caller/relationship to patient, reason for call and return phone
number to assure timely response and accuracy. Many times he asks you to answer
a phone call, but doesn't have all basic information, leaving the other person
at a loss for what they are getting into. - May benefit from creating "to-do"
lists and using them to track progress on tasks.
Supervisor's outline the Employee's goals for the next evaluation:
1. Become
more familiar with physician schedules for outpatient clinics and procedural
labs. Understand how schedules are designed and how they relate to each other.
Assist with submitting clinic cancellation and reduction forms to PSC Scheduling
and document changes per guidelines. 2. Learn the recently expanded Echo/TEE
Reader Schedule. Assume responsibility for assigning imaging physicians to
reader schedule and manage scheduling changes as necessary based upon provider
availability. 3. Increase knowledge of the Academic and Professional Record
(APR) system. Become more familiar with the system in general, increase ability
to navigate within the software and increase understanding of how/where the
different physician activities should be entered. Enter and maintain APRs for
all assigned faculty. 4. Participate in monthly meetings with division Program
Coordinator, Administrative Services Coordinator and Secretary II to review new
information and discuss workflow processes. Upcoming events or projects will
also be discussed. 5. Participate in monthly meetings with all administrative
support staff for Pediatric Endo & Diabetes and Pediatric Cardiology.
Administrative workflow processes and new initiatives will be discussed; all
attendees will be encouraged to contact each other if questions arise on a
regular basis.
Supervisor Performance Review Documents
University of Iowa Human Resources Performance Management Page 3 of 5
https://talent.uiowa.edu/performance/employee/view/RVW5a5f3309ca47c1.98538557 3/30/2018
File Name
ePersonnel
File
Uploaded
By
Uploaded
At
Self-Evaluation Form_Skyles Justin 2017-2018.docx
(/performance/api/v1/attachments/ATT5aba565ce11ee8.57986334/view) 1009663 03/27/2018
9:34 AM
Requested Feedback
Jenevive Chan has not requested any feedback
Overall Rating & Review Date
Overall Supervisor Comments
Supervisor Comments by Jenevive Chan:
Skyles is a pleasant and hardworking staff
member who willingly puts in extra effort to make sure tasks are completed
appropriately and in a timely manner. He offers to help others when assistance
is needed and is willing to come in early or stay late to finish projects with
hard deadlines. He is a team player. He willingly completes duties that may
not be his "assigned" responsibility when understaffing occurs and helps cover
in other areas when needed. Skyles has been a welcome addition to Pediatric
Cardiology and is wonderful asset to our division.
Employee Comments
Attach to
ePersonnel
File
?
Date of Performance Review
March 30, 2018
Overall Employee Rating
Successfully Meets Expectations
Employee met job performance standards, was reliable in attaining expected results, and the employee is capable and
knowledgeable of their work. Work was completed on schedule with a high degree of accuracy.
University of Iowa Human Resources Performance Management Page 4 of 5
https://talent.uiowa.edu/performance/employee/view/RVW5a5f3309ca47c1.98538557 3/30/2018
Workflow ID #10991672
Employee Comments by Justin Skyles:
It is an
honor and a privilege to work for UIHC and the Pediatric Cardiology division. I
am grateful for the opportunity to make a difference and I look forward to the
next year. I will continue to learn and improve proficiency in all that I do,
and will work to accomplish the goals set in this evaluation.
Workflow Routing History
Stop
#: Status Name
Context &
Rights Action Date
-- Initiated Chan, Jenevive L
jenevive-chan@uiowa.edu (mailto:jenevivechan@uiowa.edu )
Initiated on
03/30/2018 9:34
AM
1 Approved Skyles, Justin Q M
Secretary II
Employee Final
Signature
Required
Approved on
03/30/2018 9:54
AM
-- Routing
Completed
Completed on
03/30/2018 9:54
AM
University of Iowa Human Resources Performance Management Page 5 of 5
https://talent.uiowa.edu/performance/employee/view/RVW5a5f3309ca47c1.98538557 3/30/2018